[CIS-1555] Fix crash when changing users within an active chat (#1926)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: CHANGELOG.md

### 🐞 Fixed
- Fixed support for multiple active channel lists at the same time [#1879](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/1879)

> - Fix DB errors happening when logging in after a logout / user switch [#1926](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/issues/1926)

Reviewer: Whenever people have this crash, it is with the message `Date._unconditionallyBridgeFromObjectiveC`, so it makes sense to mention this in the changelog so people easily find this. 
```suggestion
- Fix the crash `Date._unconditionallyBridgeFromObjectiveC` when logging in after a logout / user switch [#1926](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/issues/1926)
```
